we are currently in the western part of
Rafa in the masasi area this is the
third wave of air strikes committed by
the Israeli forces in less than 48 hours
displaced Palestinians came to this area
after the Israeli military designated it
a safe humanitarian Zone thousands
flocked to the area and put up tents for
shelter how many of your family members
have been killed
my mother and father the most precious
thing in my life I lost a piece of my
heart what do the Israelis want from us
haven't they had enough haven't they got
weary I wish I was killed I wish I can
join them what is life to me now I will
live in pain and Agony grieving over my
family all my life it would have been
better if I was killed with
them the Israelis claimed that Rafa was
safe we were warned to leave tat and we
did to D balah and we did and the same
to RAF where is that safety there is no
safe inch in the entire Gaza trip
displacement is not a picnic it is
nothing but pain and agony
what is your message to the
world I wish all those responsible will
go through the same Agony taste the same
bitterness feel the same pain we
experienced dozens of civilians were
killed and dozens more injured and taken
to the makeshift hospitals put up west
of Rafa shock and disbelief is
overwhelmingly visible on the faces of
all those in Rafa the air strikes
carried out by the Israeli war planes
were
intense most of those killed were women
and children children were always
playing here they were all Torn to
Pieces body parts scattered all over the
place women and innocent children there
is no safe place in the entire strip the
victim families were displaced from
al-shati area in Gaza City it wasn't the
first time to be forced to move
as is clearly noticeable there is no
safe inch in the entire Gaza Strip
displaced people's tents are showered
not only by missiles from drones and
warplanes but also artillery shells from
the land and warships from the sea the
Israeli air strikes are intensifying
targeting mainly displaced
civilians Abu Al ja
ma make sure to Subs subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer